docs: add note about baked-in templates in README (#1735)
asyncapi/generator: README.md

You can find above templates and the ones provided by the community in **[this list](https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Aasyncapi+topic%3Agenerator+topic%3Atemplate)**

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **Experimental Feature:** AsyncAPI Generator also comes with **baked-in templates** - official templates shipped directly inside the Generator (`@asyncapi/generator`). They cover code, docs, configs, and SDKs, and are maintained under [`/packages/templates`](packages/templates) with a consistent, opinionated structure for reliability and ease of maintenance. These provide visibility into ongoing experimental work and offer a streamlined way to generate clients, documentation, and other artifacts. This feature is not recommended for production use, for those who want to try them out or learn more, see the [Baked-in templates documentation](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/baked-in-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Experimental Feature:** AsyncAPI Generator also comes with **baked-in templates** - official templates shipped directly inside the Generator (`@asyncapi/generator`). They cover code, docs, configs, and SDKs, and are maintained under [/packages/templates](packages/templates) directory, following a strict, opinionated structure for consistency and ease of maintenance. This feature is not recommended for production use. For those who want to try them out or learn more, see the [Baked-in templates documentation](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/baked-in-templates).
```
